We've got a rough start to our ticket created listener put together.
We're not going to start to pivot and work on the ticket updated listener Just you know, we are not
by any means done with this code right now.
But as I mentioned at the start of this section, I really want to focus on some of those different
concurrency issues now that we have both publishers and listeners inside of our app.
So we're going to work on the listener for ticket updated.
We're going to see that there is very quickly some really big concurrency issues that we're going to
come back through both these listeners and make some adjustments to them.
Okay.
So inside my listeners directory, inside my order service, I'll make a new file of ticket updated
listener.
It's.
And then inside of here, we're going to add some very similar imports to what we've got up here at
the very top.
So inside of a ticket updated we will add in an import for message from node nat streaming.
We'll get subjects listener and ticket updated event from our common module.
I'm going to get tickets from up to directories, models ticket.
And then finally, our cue group name.
From you.
Group name.
Then comes our actual listener definition.
So expert class ticket.
Updated Listener.
This is going to be extending our listener abstract class and the event that we are trying to listen
for is ticket updated.
So ticket updated event.
Then inside of here we'll go through all that hassle with subject again.
So we'll put in subject as subjects ticket updated equal to subjects dot ticket updated.
Then our group name.
And then finally async on message.
They're going to receive some data that's going to be of type ticket updated event at data.
And as the second argument, we'll get our message of type message.
Well, now inside of here, well, pretty straightforward in theory.
We need to find the ticket that is being updated, the ticket that is mentioned inside of this data
object and just update the data and save it.
That's pretty much it.
So at the end of the day, in theory, it's going to look kind of similar to what we just did inside
of ticket created.
The only difference is this time around we are updating data instead.
So step one, let's pull the ticket out of our ticket collection using that ticket model.
They'll say ticket.
Is a wait ticket fined by ID.
The idea is going to be contained inside this data argument, as ID will say, data ID.
There is a chance that we will not find the ticket we are looking for.
So if we don't find the ticket we are looking for.
Ticket will have a value of null.
It's a very similar to what we've done on some of our route handlers in the past.
We'll say if there is no ticket right now, we're just going to throw a very simple error.
So we'll say throw new error.
Tickets not found.
We will come back and address error handling in way greater detail very shortly.
But remember, right now we're just trying to focus on some of this async issue stuff.
Now that we found the ticket, we can go through and update presumably the title and the price.
Remember, that's the only properties we really care about here.
So on the ticket we are going to set the title and the price.
Let's make sure we pull off those properties from ID or from data as well.
So we'll say cost title and price is coming from data.
That's better.
After setting those properties will then save the updated ticket.
So a wait ticket save.
Well, that is pretty much it for our business logic.
And so after we've executed all of our business logic, again, we want to call our message function
that's going to acknowledge the message and tell that streaming server that we have successfully processed
it.
It will call message at the bottom like so.
And well, once again, that's pretty much it kind of a simple on message implementation.
So let's save this right here.
The last thing we have to do is make sure that these two listeners actually get used at some point in
time.
Right now, we have added in these two files, these two listeners, but we don't actually make use
of these classes anywhere inside of our project.
So we need to figure out a suitable location to create an instance of these listeners and have them
start listening for events.